Decoding the sap record your verification Mission, confirm the details inside
the purchase order history, tab, you'll see a grid of data. You need to
verify three specific things. To make sure everything is accurate. Your tasks
one. Find the mvt movement type, look for the code 101. This is the
standard sap code for a Goods. Receipt, think of mvt, 101 as the goods
received stamp. It tells you exactly what happened, 2 find the mat doc material
document. This is the unique ID number generated by sap. EG 5 billion 28,491.
The mat dock is like the deliveries unique ID card, 3. Verify the quantity
check that the amount listed here matches. Exactly what you entered in Cooper.
Look at the image on the slide. Can you quickly point to each of
these three key pieces of information?